Your current portfolio is polished, legible, restrained, and credible. It would serve a strong instructional designer well. But it does not yet communicate:

This person can lead the creative, pedagogical, technical, and operational direction of a world-class education organization.

Right now, the site describes your multimedia ability. The next version needs to perform it.

What the strongest sites are doing

I reviewed Awwwards’ Sites of the Year from 2021 through 2025, including Pangram Pangram Foundry, Persepolis Reimagined, Lusion v3, Igloo, Opal Tadpole, and the Lando Norris experience. The winning work varies stylistically, but the best sites share several characteristics: a singular creative premise, a distinctive interaction language, confident typography, immersive transitions, strong editorial pacing, and a site experience that acts as proof of the creator’s capabilities.

Lusion, for example, explicitly positions its site around the combination of design, motion, 3D, development, and interactive storytelling. It does not merely list those capabilities; the website itself demonstrates them, including an integrated reel and user-controlled sound. The 2025 Lando Norris site similarly treats navigation as part of the narrative, incorporating device orientation, scrolling modes, interactive prompts, cinematic photography, and live contextual information rather than presenting a conventional page of content.

But “award-worthy” does not mean visually chaotic. The Webby Awards evaluate content, structure, navigation, visual design, functionality, interactivity, and overall experience. Awwwards similarly weights design and UX more heavily than novelty alone.

That balance is especially important for you. Your portfolio has to demonstrate imagination and judgment.

The strategic target

The Anthropic role is not looking only for someone who can write curriculum. It emphasizes:

Teaching advanced AI and machine learning concepts to technical and nontechnical audiences
Building AI-assisted production workflows while understanding where human oversight is essential
Designing interactive and adaptive experiences such as simulations, tutoring systems, and hands-on environments

Your site therefore needs to prove four things almost immediately:

Creative direction. You can establish an original vision and quality bar.

Learning leadership. You understand how people move from confusion to competence.

Technical fluency. You can work across AI, code, media, sound, interaction, and systems.

Scale and execution. You have shipped substantial work, led end-to-end production, and reached real learners.

The new site should feel like it was created by someone who could direct a curriculum team, interactive studio, AI content operation, and multimedia production group at the same time.

The recommended concept
SIGNAL → SENSE → SKILL

This should become the conceptual foundation of your portfolio.

It connects your background in music technology, signals, sound, curriculum, AI, and learning design without turning the site into a music-themed novelty.

Signal

Raw information, technical systems, code, research, data, audio, and complex ideas.

Sense

The layer you create: explanation, visual structure, narrative, sound, animation, interaction, and meaningful practice.

Skill

The result: understanding, capability, confidence, and independent action.

Your entire body of work fits inside that transformation.

Recommended hero message
From signal to skill.

I transform complex systems into multimedia learning experiences people can see, hear, explore, and master.

Supporting line:

Curriculum strategy, interactive learning, AI-assisted content systems, technical education, sound, motion, and creative technology.

Primary actions:

Explore selected work

Play the 60-second reel

Secondary actions:

Resume · About · Contact

This is substantially more ownable than “I make complex technical concepts click.” The current line is good copy. The new line becomes an entire creative system.

The opening experience

The first screen should be visually arresting before the visitor reads everything.

The audiovisual signal field

The hero contains an elegant generative composition made from four visual channels:

A waveform representing sound and music technology
A sequence of nodes representing curriculum structure
A stream of fragments representing code and AI systems
A frame sequence representing video, animation, and visual storytelling

At first, they appear as separate signals. As the visitor moves the cursor or scrolls, they organize into a unified visual system.

The motion resolves as the headline appears:

From signal to skill.

This should feel sophisticated and deliberate, not like a particle-animation template.

Sound behavior

The site opens silently.

A subtle control reads:

Experience with sound

After the visitor activates it, restrained sound design responds to major transitions, interactions, and the audiovisual field. No background music should loop endlessly. Sound should behave like interface feedback and composition.

Browser autoplay policies generally require audio to begin after a user action, and user-controlled sound is also the more respectful experience.

The showreel

Your site needs a tightly directed 45- to 60-second reel.

It should combine:

Interactive lesson footage
Course interfaces
Sound visualizations
Animated diagrams
AI agent workflows
Curriculum maps
Workshop footage
Video editing and storytelling
Learner reach and outcome data
Code, prototypes, and production artifacts
Brief appearances from you presenting or leading

The reel should not feel like a résumé slideshow. It should be edited as a piece of media with rhythm, sound design, captions, compositing, and a clear narrative:

Raw complexity enters. A learning experience emerges. People become capable.

A muted autoplay preview can appear in the hero, but full sound should remain user-activated.

The homepage should become a story

The current page is primarily a sequence of sections. The new page should unfold in acts.

Act I: The transformation

Hero experience, positioning, reel, and immediate proof.

A slim animated proof strip follows:

30,630+ learners
7 published Coursera courses
14+ AI and multi-agent systems
10+ years across learning and technology
M.S. Music Technology

These should not look like generic counters. Each metric should connect to a visual artifact or case study.

Act II: Three flagship case studies

Do not begin with nine equally sized cards.

That treatment makes every project appear equally important and gives the visitor no indication of your strongest work. Instead, use three cinematic, editorial case-study chapters.

01. Building technical learning at scale

Codio and the Coursera Course Ecosystem

The chapter opens with a moving wall of course interfaces, lesson components, code environments, assessment states, and learner data.

It proves:

End-to-end curriculum ownership
Technical subject-matter fluency
Authoring and quality systems
Assessment design
Large-scale learner impact
Cross-functional delivery

The narrative should answer:

How did Chalece repeatedly turn dense technical subjects into courses tens of thousands of people could complete?

02. Designing the content operation of the future

AI-Assisted Curriculum and Production Systems

A visual pipeline shows content moving through:

Research → architecture → drafting → interaction design → review → accessibility → validation → human approval

Visitors can click individual stages to see:

Agent roles
Human decision points
Failure modes
Quality gates
Example outputs
Revision histories
Where AI accelerates the process
Where expert judgment remains indispensable

This directly addresses one of Anthropic’s stated areas of interest.

03. Making the invisible visible

Interactive Music Technology and Signal Learning

This becomes the most experientially impressive case.

The visitor can:

Play or construct a sound
See its waveform
Separate it into component frequencies
Manipulate an EQ
Watch samples animate through a calculation
Hear the result
Move between intuitive and mathematical explanations

This case study demonstrates curriculum, interaction, animation, sound design, technical explanation, assessment design, and software development in one experience.

Act III: The wider body of work

After the flagship cases, reveal the rest of your work through a more art-directed archive:

Your Voice Is Power
Amazon audio programs
Creative coding programs
Planet Bug
E22 and athlete systems
Workshops and facilitation
Audio, video, and storytelling production
Program leadership and community learning

The archive could switch between:

Editorial view
Large imagery and project stories

Systems view
Roles, capabilities, technologies, scale, and outcomes

This gives recruiters a fast scan without reducing every project to another small card.

Signature experiences

The site needs two or three memorable interactions that could only belong to you.

1. The Complexity Translator

A visitor selects a difficult concept such as:

Fourier transform
Container orchestration
AI agents
Signal sampling
Operating systems

The page transforms the same idea through several representations:

Technical definition
Plain-language explanation
Visual model
Interactive demonstration
Practice activity
Transfer challenge

This is your instructional philosophy turned into a usable product.

2. The Curriculum Console

A playful but sophisticated interface lets visitors inspect how you design learning.

Controls might include:

Audience experience
Technical difficulty
Time available
Desired behavior
Modality
Level of scaffolding

The interface responds by rearranging a lesson architecture and explaining the design decisions.

This demonstrates that your work is not decorative content production. It is systems-level instructional judgment.

3. The Multimedia Lab

A contained studio environment where visitors can sample small experiments:

Audio-reactive typography
Sound decomposition
Motion-based explanation
Interactive data storytelling
Video annotations
Accessible animation alternatives
Generative visual systems

Think of it as your creative R&D department.

The visual direction
Overall character

Elegant, cinematic, intelligent, warm, experimental, controlled.

Not:

Cyberpunk
Generic purple SaaS
Neon everywhere
A résumé inside a dark template
A collection of unrelated WebGL tricks
A design-agency site with no educational substance
Palette

I would retain a dark foundation, but move away from the nearly uniform charcoal-purple treatment.

Foundation
Obsidian black
Warm ink
Soft ivory
Cool graphite
Signal accents
Electric iris
Signal cyan
Warm coral
Muted gold

Each major project receives one dominant signal color. The homepage remains mostly black, ivory, and graphite so that media and interaction create the energy.

The result should feel closer to a high-end editorial studio, film title sequence, and interactive research lab than a conventional technology portfolio.

Typography

Use a more expressive pairing.

Display

A high-character editorial serif or variable display face, such as Instrument Serif or a similarly elegant licensed alternative.

Interface and body

A precise contemporary sans such as Geist, Söhne, Neue Montreal, or an appropriate open-source equivalent.

Technical annotation

A restrained mono face for signal values, captions, code fragments, timestamps, and system labels.

The serif creates authorship and sophistication. The sans communicates clarity and technical confidence. The mono introduces the laboratory and systems layer.

Motion language

Every animation should fall into one of three behaviors:

Assemble

Fragments organize into understandable systems.

Reveal

Layers expose the thinking behind the finished work.

Resonate

Visual elements respond to sound, interaction, or one another.

That gives the site a coherent motion grammar. We should not invent a different animation style for every section.

Case-study design

Every major case study should have its own atmosphere, but use the same underlying narrative structure.

Opening proof

A full-screen visual, video, simulation, or interactive excerpt.

The brief

What needed to change?

Your leadership

What did you own, decide, direct, and protect?

The system

How was the content, curriculum, product, or operation structured?

The experience

What did the learner or user actually do?

The craft

Show scripts, storyboards, interaction maps, audio, motion studies, lesson structures, prototypes, assessment logic, and technical artifacts.

The outcome

Reach, completion, adoption, efficiency, learner behavior, publication, or organizational capability.

The judgment

What did not work initially? What changed? Where was human expertise required?

That final section is essential. Senior leaders are not hired because all their work went perfectly. They are hired because they know how to judge, revise, prioritize, and lead through ambiguity.

The leadership layer

The current portfolio proves that you made many things. The new site must also prove that you know which things should be made and why.

Add a section called:

How I direct the work

It should communicate your point of view on:

Establishing learning and performance goals
Translating strategy into a content portfolio
Leading subject-matter experts and creators
Building repeatable production systems
Using AI without surrendering judgment
Maintaining voice and instructional quality at scale
Designing for accessibility
Deciding when an interaction earns its complexity
Measuring whether learning transferred

This could appear as a visual decision system rather than another accordion.

Content architecture

The final site should have a simple, understandable navigation despite its visual ambition:

Work
Learning Lab
Systems & Leadership
About
Resume
Contact

Recommended routes:

/
 /work
 /work/codio-course-ecosystem
 /work/ai-curriculum-systems
 /work/music-technology-learning
 /work/your-voice-is-power
 /work/amazon-audio-programs
 /lab
 /leadership
 /about
 /resume

The homepage tells the story. The deeper pages prove it.

Recommended build approach
Core platform
Next.js and TypeScript
Component-driven design system
MDX or a lightweight CMS for case studies
Responsive media pipeline
Strong metadata and structured content
Progressive enhancement
Motion and interaction
GSAP and ScrollTrigger for directed narrative sequences
Framer Motion for interface states
Three.js or React Three Fiber for one signature hero environment
Web Audio API for reactive sound visualization
Canvas or SVG for diagrams and learning simulations
Rive or Lottie only where they meaningfully simplify production

The site should not have five simultaneous WebGL environments. One technically excellent signature canvas is more impressive than a page that exhausts the device.

Media production
WebM and MP4 fallbacks
Poster frames for every video
Responsive image sources
Lazy loading below the fold
Captions and transcripts
Clear play, pause, mute, and replay controls
Static alternatives for interactive demonstrations
Accessibility and comfort

The site should respect prefers-reduced-motion and provide a motion-reduced experience, not merely turn animation duration down slightly. W3C guidance also recommends that interaction-triggered motion be disableable when it is not essential.

There should be:

A visible sound control
No forced audio
A reduced-motion mode
Keyboard access
Strong focus states
Captions and transcripts
Pausable animated sequences
High-contrast text
Semantic structure underneath the experience

That is not a compromise. For a learning leader, it is additional proof of mastery.

What we should preserve

The current site already has several strong foundations:

Clear positioning around complex technical learning
Impressive quantitative proof
A substantial body of work
A warm, direct writing voice
A credible professional portrait
Interactive lessons that already separate you from ordinary candidates
A useful dark-mode foundation

We should preserve the substance and replace the presentation system.

What should disappear
The three-column wall of similar project cards
Small text as the primary method of explaining projects
The separate “about” and “resume” sections repeating similar information
Decorative purple used as the main source of visual distinction
Generic reveal animations
A carousel that feels like an isolated widget rather than part of the portfolio
Skills represented mainly as pills
The sense that the multimedia work lives somewhere else
The final impression

Within the first minute, the visitor should think:

She can explain hard things.

She can direct a multimedia experience.

She understands AI as both a creative tool and a system requiring human judgment.

She has built and shipped real curriculum at scale.

She is technically credible.

She has a distinct point of view.

She could set the standard for an entire education content organization.

That is the bar.

The next deliverable should be a complete page-by-page experience blueprint, including desktop and mobile wireframes, hero animation choreography, exact homepage copy, case-study storyboards, media requirements, and a production-ready Claude Code implementation sequence.

do this.
Worked for 2m 23s
Portfolio V2: From Signal to Skill

This is a full creative rebuild, not a reskin.

Anthropic’s role explicitly calls for someone who can own education across courses, tutorials, video, and interactive experiences; define the quality bar; build AI-assisted production systems; manage multidisciplinary creators; measure learning; and push beyond templated courseware toward adaptive, distinctive experiences. The portfolio should demonstrate those capabilities before anyone opens the résumé.

The strongest award-recognized sites do not win by stacking random effects. They establish one memorable creative premise and use motion, media, typography, and interaction to deepen that premise. Awwwards named the immersive Lando Norris experience its 2025 Site of the Year, while CSS Design Awards recognized separate leaders in UI, UX, innovation, portfolio, and agency design. The Webby definition of technical achievement is especially important: technology should improve the experience, not merely decorate it.

The result should feel like:

An editorial learning studio, audiovisual research lab, and senior leadership portfolio combined into one coherent experience.

1. The central creative idea
SIGNAL → SENSE → SKILL

Your career has repeatedly followed the same transformation:

Signal
Complex information, code, sound, systems, research, data, operational problems.

Sense
The structure you create through curriculum, explanation, interaction, media, narrative, feedback, and visual design.

Skill
What people can understand, perform, build, decide, or lead afterward.

This concept unifies:

Music technology and signal processing
Technical curriculum
Interactive learning
AI-assisted content systems
Audio and video production
Learning science
Creative coding
Program and operational leadership

It is ownable, elegant, and broad enough to support your entire body of work.

Primary positioning
From signal to skill.

I design the systems, stories, and experiences that turn complex technology into human capability.

Supporting language:

Curriculum strategy, AI-assisted production, technical education, interactive learning, sound, motion, and creative technology.

This feels more senior than “I make complex technical concepts click.” The old line describes a skill. The new line defines a worldview.

2. The experience principles
One signature idea, deeply executed

The site should not contain ten unrelated “wow” effects.

The memorable element is a living signal system that appears throughout the portfolio:

Waveforms become timelines.
Timelines become curriculum pathways.
Curriculum pathways become agent workflows.
Agent workflows become learner progress.
Film frames become case-study chapters.
Sound components become visual layers.
Scattered information assembles into understanding.
Demonstrate before explaining

Visitors should encounter your work in this order:

Experience something
Become curious
Understand the design decision
See evidence and outcomes
Learn what you led

That is also your learning philosophy.

Seniority must be visible

Every major project should communicate:

What problem mattered
What you decided
What you personally owned
How the system worked
How people experienced it
How quality was maintained
What changed because of the work
What you learned or revised
Multimedia must be structural

Video, sound, animation, and interaction should not live in a separate “multimedia” section. They should shape the entire site.

Restraint creates authority

The site should feel rich but not frantic.

Avoid:

Constant floating objects
Replacing the visitor’s cursor
Forced horizontal scrolling
Scroll hijacking
Autoplaying sound
Excessive glowing gradients
Tiny experimental typography
Motion on every hover
3D merely because award sites use 3D
Long introductions that delay access to content
3. Visual identity
Overall character

Cinematic. Editorial. Intelligent. Tactile. Experimental. Controlled.

The mood should sit between:

An interactive science museum
A premium editorial publication
A film title sequence
A modern audio laboratory
A creative technology studio
A thoughtful research organization

It should not resemble a generic purple SaaS landing page.

Color system
Foundation
Role	Color	Use
Signal Black	#09090D	Hero, cinematic media, dark case-study scenes
Deep Ink	#13121A	Secondary dark surfaces
Warm Ivory	#F3EFE7	Editorial sections and reading surfaces
Paper White	#FCFAF6	High-clarity cards and documents
Graphite	#6F6B75	Secondary text
Soft Fog	#B8B3BE	Metadata and dividers
Signal accents
Color	Hex	Meaning
Electric Iris	#8E75FF	Transformation, learning, synthesis
Signal Cyan	#66DFF2	Sound, systems, data, technology
Human Coral	#FF7B72	People, storytelling, feedback
Resonant Gold	#D4AE67	Leadership, craft, distinction

Use one accent as the dominant color for each project. Do not use every accent in every section.

Typography
Display

Instrument Serif or a similarly expressive editorial serif.

Use it for:

Hero statements
Major case-study openings
Pull quotes
Reflective conclusions
Interface and body

Geist Sans or Plus Jakarta Sans.

Use it for:

Navigation
Paragraphs
Buttons
Project descriptions
Metadata
Technical annotations

Geist Mono or IBM Plex Mono.

Use it for:

Signal values
Timecodes
Process labels
Code
Data
Captions
Agent workflow states
Type scale
Purpose	Desktop	Mobile
Hero display	104–136px	58–72px
Case-study display	80–104px	48–64px
Section heading	56–72px	38–48px
Large statement	36–48px	28–34px
Body large	20–23px	18–20px
Body	17–19px	16–18px
Metadata	12–14px	12–13px

Headlines may use the serif. Most instructional and technical text should remain sans serif for clarity.

4. Motion and sound language

Every motion behavior belongs to one of three families.

Assemble

Separate fragments organize into a comprehensible structure.

Used for:

Hero signals
Curriculum maps
Agent workflows
Course ecosystems
Metrics
Reveal

A polished result opens to expose the thought process behind it.

Used for:

Storyboards
Before-and-after explanations
Media layers
Human review gates
Lesson architecture
Resonate

One medium responds to another.

Used for:

Audio-reactive type
Waveforms
Hover sound previews
Frequency visualizations
Interaction feedback
Sound direction

The site opens silently.

A small persistent control reads:

Sound off
When activated: Sound on

The sound palette should contain:

A low, warm sine tone
A soft granular texture
A precise percussive click
A light harmonic shimmer
Subtle stereo movement
Short transitions under one second

Do not use a looping soundtrack during normal browsing.

Audio should begin only after a deliberate visitor action. Web Audio is subject to autoplay restrictions when started outside a user gesture, and explicit user control is the better experience.

5. Site architecture
/
├── work
│   ├── codio-course-ecosystem
│   ├── ai-curriculum-systems
│   ├── making-sound-visible
│   ├── your-voice-is-power
│   ├── amazon-audio-programs
│   ├── creative-coding
│   ├── planet-bug
│   └── athlete-data-systems
├── lab
│   ├── signal-lab
│   ├── complexity-translator
│   └── curriculum-console
├── leadership
├── about
├── resume
└── contact
Primary navigation

Work
Lab
Leadership
About
Résumé

Right-side actions:

Sound off
Let’s talk

The navigation remains conventional and understandable even when the page itself becomes more expressive.

6. Homepage blueprint
Desktop wireframe
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ Chalece DeLaCoudray    Work  Lab  Leadership  About   Sound off    │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                                     │
│ LEARNING SYSTEMS · AI · INTERACTIVE MEDIA · SOUND                   │
│                                                                     │
│ FROM SIGNAL                      [LIVING SIGNAL FIELD]               │
│ TO SKILL.                        waveform / nodes / frames           │
│                                 responding to pointer + scroll       │
│ I design the systems, stories,                                      │
│ and experiences that turn                                           │
│ complex technology into human capability.                           │
│                                                                     │
│ [Explore selected work] [Play the 60-second reel]                   │
│                                                                     │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ 30,630+          7             14+            10+          M.S.      │
│ learners         courses       AI systems     years        Music Tech│
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│                                                                     │
│ COMPLEXITY IS NOT THE PROBLEM. THE EXPERIENCE IS.                   │
│ Full-width editorial statement + assembling signal animation        │
│                                                                     │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ SELECTED SYSTEM 01                                                   │
│ [Large course media]        Seven technical courses.                │
│                             One repeatable learning system.          │
│                             [Enter the ecosystem]                    │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ SELECTED SYSTEM 02                                                   │
│ Encoding craft into the production engine.     [Agent workflow]     │
│ [Inspect the system]                                                │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ SELECTED SYSTEM 03                                                   │
│ [Interactive waveform]      Hear the math. See the sound.           │
│                             [Enter the signal lab]                   │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ I WORK ACROSS THE FULL STACK OF LEARNING                             │
│ Strategy       Experience       Systems       Media                 │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ HOW I DIRECT THE WORK                                                │
│ Interactive quality-bar / decision system                           │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ LEARNING LAB                                                        │
│ [Complexity Translator] [Curriculum Console] [Signal Lab]           │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ MORE PROOF, DIFFERENT CONTEXTS                                       │
│ Art-directed archive                                                │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ ABOUT                                                               │
│ Editorial portrait + short senior biography                         │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ LET’S BUILD LEARNING WORTHY OF THE TECHNOLOGY.                      │
│ [Start a conversation]                                              │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
Mobile wireframe
┌────────────────────────────┐
│ Chalece D.      Menu       │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ LEARNING SYSTEMS · AI      │
│                            │
│ From signal                │
│ to skill.                  │
│                            │
│ I design the systems...    │
│                            │
│ [Signal animation]         │
│                            │
│ [Explore work]             │
│ [Play reel]                │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ 30,630+        7           │
│ learners       courses     │
│                            │
│ 14+            M.S.        │
│ AI systems     Music Tech  │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ Complexity is not          │
│ the problem.               │
│ The experience is.         │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ PROJECT 01                 │
│ [media]                    │
│ Seven technical courses.   │
│ One learning system.       │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ PROJECT 02                 │
│ [workflow]                 │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ PROJECT 03                 │
│ [waveform interaction]     │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ Full stack of learning     │
│ [four stacked disciplines] │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ Leadership                 │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ Lab                        │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ Archive                    │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ About                      │
├────────────────────────────┤
│ Contact                    │
└────────────────────────────┘

On mobile, do not squeeze the desktop animation into a smaller canvas. Recompose it as a vertically stacked signal instrument.

7. Exact homepage copy
Navigation

Chalece DeLaCoudray

Work
Lab
Leadership
About
Résumé

Sound off
Let’s talk

Hero

LEARNING SYSTEMS · AI · INTERACTIVE MEDIA · SOUND

From signal to skill.

I design the systems, stories, and experiences that turn complex technology into human capability.

Curriculum strategy, AI-assisted production, technical education, interactive learning, sound, motion, and creative technology.

Explore selected work

Play the 60-second reel

Small footer line:

Atlanta, Georgia · Learning experience designer, technologist, and creative systems builder

Proof strip

30,630+
Learners reached

7
Published Coursera courses

14+
AI and multi-agent systems

10+ years
Across learning and technology

M.S.
Music Technology, Georgia Tech

Thesis transition
Complexity is not the problem.
The experience is.

People do not need complex ideas stripped of their intelligence. They need better ways to enter them, manipulate them, test them, and make them their own.

Selected work introduction

SELECTED SYSTEMS

The work behind the point of view.

Three projects showing how I think, direct, and build across curriculum, artificial intelligence, technical systems, sound, and interaction.

Flagship project 01

01 · TECHNICAL LEARNING AT SCALE

CODIO × COURSERA

Seven technical courses.
One repeatable learning system.

I owned course development end to end across DevOps, containers, operating systems, CI/CD, web security, and creative coding. The work combined technical accuracy, clear explanation, hands-on practice, assessments, media, quality assurance, and publication into a system that has reached more than 30,630 learners.

Supporting proof:

7 published courses
30,630+ learners
Technical and beginner audiences
Curriculum, assessment, media, QA

Button:

Enter the course ecosystem

Flagship project 02

02 · AI-ASSISTED CONTENT SYSTEMS

Encoding craft into the production engine.

I built multi-agent workflows that help research, structure, draft, review, and maintain learning content while preserving the places where verification, judgment, learner empathy, and creative taste remain non-negotiable.

Supporting proof:

14+ AI and multi-agent systems
Human verification gates
Reusable quality standards
Content, curriculum, code, and media workflows

Button:

Inspect the system

Flagship project 03

03 · INTERACTIVE MUSIC TECHNOLOGY

Hear the math.
See the sound.

An exploratory learning experience that lets beginners play a sound, reveal its waveform, separate its frequencies, manipulate its components, and follow the mathematics one visible step at a time.

Supporting proof:

Interactive signal visualization
Sound-driven animation
Beginner-first mathematics
Practice beyond multiple choice

Button:

Enter the signal lab

Full-stack capabilities

THE FULL STACK OF LEARNING

I work from strategy to signal.
Strategy

Define what people must become able to do, not merely what content must be covered.

Experience

Turn difficult ideas into clear sequences of explanation, exploration, practice, feedback, and transfer.

Systems

Build workflows, standards, agents, and quality gates that allow excellent work to scale.

Media

Choose sound, video, animation, code, simulation, or text according to what makes the idea land.

Leadership section

HOW I DIRECT THE WORK

Quality should survive scale.

I do not treat quality as a final review step. I build it into the strategy, workflow, medium, feedback system, and definition of done.

Interactive principles:

Start with the behavior.
What must the learner be able to do afterward?

Choose the medium with intent.
What becomes clearer through sound, motion, interaction, demonstration, or practice?

Teach the misconception.
Where is the learner most likely to form the wrong model?

Make feedback immediate and useful.
What information helps the learner make a better next attempt?

Encode the quality bar.
How can the standard remain intact without one person reviewing everything?

Measure what changed.
What evidence shows that the learning transferred?

Button:

See my leadership operating system

Learning lab

LEARNING LAB

Learning should invite action.

These are small, working demonstrations of how I make difficult ideas visible, manipulable, and memorable.

Complexity Translator

Watch one technical idea transform from expert language into a visual model, interactive explanation, practice activity, and transfer challenge.

Try the translator

Curriculum Console

Change the learner, goal, time, difficulty, or delivery format and watch the lesson architecture respond.

Open the console

Signal Lab

Build a sound, isolate its frequencies, and watch the underlying mathematics unfold.

Make some noise

Archive

MORE PROOF, DIFFERENT CONTEXTS

One practice. Many forms.

Technical courses, audio operations, creative coding, published research, youth learning, athlete systems, workshops, video, and interactive storytelling.

Projects:

Your Voice Is Power
Amazon Audio Programs
Creative Coding Summer Cohort
Planet Bug
Music Technology Workshops
Athlete Data and Storytelling Systems
Horizons at Georgia Tech
Interactive Learning Prototypes

Button:

View all work

About preview

ABOUT

Hi, I’m Chalece.

I am a learning experience designer, technologist, curriculum builder, and creative systems thinker.

Across audio engineering, technical operations, education, program leadership, and software development, the pattern has remained consistent: I enter complex systems, find the logic, and make them usable.

At Codio, I published technical courses for a global audience. At Amazon Music, I led audio quality and hardware compatibility programs. In community learning programs, I designed experiences connecting code, music, identity, and storytelling. Today, I also build AI systems that extend how quickly and thoughtfully that work can be done.

Button:

Read my story

Closing section
Let’s build learning worthy of the technology.

I am interested in ambitious work where content, curriculum, artificial intelligence, creative technology, and human capability meet.

Start a conversation

Secondary links:

Résumé
LinkedIn
Email
Selected work

8. Hero animation choreography
First paint

The static page must already look complete before the animation begins.

Visible immediately:

Eyebrow
Headline
Supporting text
Buttons
A static signal composition
No blank loading screen
No “enter experience” gate
Timeline
0.0–0.8 seconds

A faint field of horizontal measurement lines fades in.

Small mono labels appear:

AUDIO
CODE
MOTION
CURRICULUM
SYSTEM
0.8–2.0 seconds

Five different signal forms draw themselves:

A sine wave
A sequence of data nodes
A film-frame rhythm
A block-based curriculum path
A thin line of code tokens

They remain visually separate.

2.0–3.4 seconds

The signals begin influencing one another:

Wave peaks align with curriculum nodes.
Film frames snap to rhythmic intervals.
Code tokens become labels on the system.
The separate layers begin sharing a common timeline.
3.4–4.8 seconds

The signals converge into one elegant composite mark.

The serif headline reveals:

From signal to skill.

“Signal” appears first.
The animated system resolves.
“Skill” appears as the visual becomes coherent.

4.8–6.0 seconds

Supporting text and calls to action appear.

The system enters a quiet ambient state.

Pointer behavior

Horizontal movement changes the point in the signal timeline.

Vertical movement changes the amount of visible complexity:

Upper region: raw signal
Middle region: organized explanation
Lower region: practiced skill

This should be subtle. The visitor should not need instructions to use the page.

Scroll behavior

As the visitor scrolls:

The signal field expands behind the headline.
The separate layers align.
The field compresses into one horizontal rule.
That rule becomes the divider for the proof strip.
The same line continues into the next section.

This creates continuity instead of treating each section as a separate rectangle.

Reduced-motion experience

The signals appear as a completed editorial illustration.

On scroll:

Crossfade between three states
No parallax
No large spatial movement
No cursor-responsive behavior
No continuous ambient animation

W3C guidance says interaction-triggered motion should be disableable when it is not essential, and prefers-reduced-motion should be respected in both CSS and JavaScript.

9. Showreel storyboard
Duration

55–65 seconds

Create:

60-second full reel
15-second homepage teaser
6-second silent loops for project previews
9:16 social cut
Captioned and audio-described alternatives
Story structure
0:00–0:04 · Raw complexity

Visuals:

Dense technical diagrams
Code
Waveforms
Course maps
Unorganized notes

On-screen text:

Complex ideas arrive as signals.

Sound:

Static texture
Separated clicks
Unresolved low tone
0:04–0:10 · Structure

Visuals:

Content reorganizes into a lesson pathway
Storyboard frames align
Curriculum hierarchy assembles
Objectives connect to activities and assessments

Text:

I find the structure.

0:10–0:18 · Technical curriculum

Visuals:

Coursera course catalog
Codio lesson pages
Coding environments
Assessment interactions
Learner-facing explanations

Text:

7 published courses
30,630+ learners

0:18–0:26 · Sound and visualization

Visuals:

Waveform
Frequency spectrum
Fourier decomposition
Interactive EQ
Animated sample calculation

Text:

See it.
Hear it.
Manipulate it.

0:26–0:34 · AI production systems

Visuals:

Intake brief
Agent orchestration
Draft
Review
QA
Human approval
Published output

Text:

Scale the craft.
Keep the judgment.

0:34–0:42 · Human learning

Visuals:

Youth coding
Workshops
Presentations
Facilitation
Learners working
Community projects

Text:

Build capability.

0:42–0:50 · Multimedia leadership

Visuals:

Video edit timeline
Audio tools
Storyboards
Interactive prototypes
Dashboards
Project systems

Text:

Curriculum.
Systems.
Sound.
Motion.
Interaction.

0:50–0:57 · Outcomes

Visuals:

Metrics assemble
Project titles
Publication markers
Learner reach

Text:

From signal to skill.

0:57–1:00 · End card

Chalece DeLaCoudray
Learning systems · AI · interactive media

10. Flagship case-study storyboard 01
Codio × Coursera Course Ecosystem
Core message

I did not merely author seven courses. I built and repeatedly operated a technical learning production system.

Opening scene

Full-screen mosaic of:

Course covers
Lesson pages
Coding environments
Assessments
Diagrams
Learner-facing instructions

As the visitor scrolls, seven courses separate into seven vertical tracks.

Opening copy:

Seven courses.
One system for making difficult technology learnable.

Metadata:

Role: Curriculum developer and course owner
Audience: Beginner through developing technical learners
Formats: Written, code, labs, assessments, visuals
Reach: 30,630+ learners
Platforms: Codio and Coursera
Scene 1: The challenge

Copy:

Technical learners do not struggle only because the material is difficult. They struggle when setup, vocabulary, explanation, practice, and feedback fail to form one coherent experience.

Visual:

A learner journey with friction points:

Setup → Vocabulary → Mental model → Practice → Feedback → Transfer

Each friction point opens to show an example.

Scene 2: The course portfolio

Show each course as a visual spine.

Potential categories:

DevOps
Containers
Operating systems
CI/CD
Web security
Python or creative coding
Related technical subjects

Interaction:

Selecting a course changes:

Color
Audience
Learning progression
Lab environment
Assessment type
Media examples
Scene 3: The repeatable system

Animated production model:

Audience
    ↓
Performance goal
    ↓
Concept architecture
    ↓
Demonstration
    ↓
Guided practice
    ↓
Independent application
    ↓
Feedback
    ↓
Technical and instructional QA
    ↓
Publication

Copy:

The subject changed. The quality logic did not.

Scene 4: Anatomy of a lesson

Create a scroll-driven exploded view of one representative lesson.

Layers:

Learner question
Conceptual model
Explanation
Visual
Demonstration
Guided attempt
Feedback
Transfer task
Accessibility and QA

The visitor can turn layers on and off.

Scene 5: Assessment judgment

Show several assessment forms:

Debugging task
Prediction before execution
Parsons puzzle
Scenario decision
Code completion
Output interpretation
Reflection
Build challenge

Copy:

Assessment should reveal the learner’s model, not merely whether they remembered a sentence.

Scene 6: Technical credibility

Include real but concise artifacts:

Code sample
Lab setup
Technical review notes
Revision comparison
Common learner error
Corrected explanation

Do not fill the page with giant code blocks. Show just enough to establish fluency.

Scene 7: Scale and evidence

Visualize:

Courses published
Learners reached
Subject range
Production responsibility
Reusable components

Do not invent completion or satisfaction statistics unless documented.

Scene 8: Leadership reflection

Heading:

What scale taught me.

Copy themes:

A quality bar must be explicit.
Technical review and learner review are different.
Reusable systems should not make every course feel identical.
The best explanation often changes after watching where learners fail.
Publishing is not the end of the content lifecycle.
Closing

The outcome was more than a catalog. It was a repeatable way to turn technical complexity into structured, active learning.

CTA:

Next: Encoding craft into AI systems

11. Flagship case-study storyboard 02
AI-Assisted Curriculum Systems
Core message

I use AI to extend expert capacity, not to disguise the absence of expertise.

Opening scene

A raw brief enters from the left:

Create a beginner lesson explaining X.

It passes through a visible system of agents and gates.

The polished learning experience exits on the right.

Headline:

Encoding craft into the production engine.

Supporting copy:

I built multi-agent systems that help generate, inspect, revise, and maintain learning experiences while preserving human accountability for meaning, accuracy, taste, ethics, and learner impact.

Scene 1: Why the system exists

Show the tension:

Without a system	With a system
Faster drafts, inconsistent quality	Faster production with explicit standards
Repeated manual work	Reusable specialist workflows
Hidden assumptions	Visible decision gates
One giant prompt	Purpose-built roles
Review at the end	QA throughout
AI confidence mistaken for accuracy	Verification built into the process
Scene 2: Agent ecosystem

Present the agents as a coordinated studio, not cartoon robots.

Possible roles:

Intake analyst
Learning architect
Research agent
Subject-matter reviewer
Drafting agent
Assessment designer
Interaction designer
Accessibility reviewer
Style editor
Technical validator
Media brief generator
Final QA agent
Human approver

Selecting an agent reveals:

Input
Responsibility
Output
Failure risk
Required evidence
Human oversight level
Scene 3: The workflow
INTAKE
  ↓
CLARIFY
  ↓
RESEARCH
  ↓
ARCHITECT
  ↓
DRAFT
  ↓
DESIGN PRACTICE
  ↓
BUILD MEDIA
  ↓
VERIFY
  ↓
REVIEW
  ↓
PUBLISH
  ↓
MEASURE
  ↓
REGENERATE

The key is the final loop. The system is designed for revision, not permanent static artifacts.

Scene 4: Human judgment map

Use a gradient from “safe to automate” to “human must decide.”

Good candidates for acceleration
Formatting
Structural consistency checks
First-pass summaries
Variant generation
Metadata
Repetitive maintenance
Preliminary gap detection
Requires stronger human oversight
Technical correctness
Learning progression
Ethical framing
Cultural context
Sensitive audiences
Final voice
Originality
Claim validation
Decisions about what should be taught
Scene 5: Failure laboratory

Show sanitized examples of AI failure:

Fluent but incorrect explanation
Activity that does not assess the objective
Over-scaffolded task
Generic tone
Unsupported claim
Inaccessible interaction
False confidence
Repetition disguised as reinforcement

Allow the visitor to select:

What failed?

Then reveal your diagnosis and correction.

This may become one of the most compelling sections in the portfolio.

Scene 6: Quality as code

Show the quality bar as inspectable criteria:

accuracy
clarity
learner action
feedback quality
cognitive load
accessibility
voice
evidence
transfer
maintainability

Each criterion contains:

Definition
Observable evidence
Failure example
Review method
Scene 7: The operating result

Use only supported claims.

Possible evidence:

Number of workflows or systems
Range of supported outputs
Reduced repeated manual steps
More consistent review coverage
Faster prototyping
Better traceability
Ability to regenerate and update content
Scene 8: Leadership reflection

Heading:

The line moves.

Copy:

The question is not whether AI belongs in content production. The question is where it adds leverage, where it introduces risk, and how the workflow changes as the models improve.

A durable system does not freeze today’s answer. It makes the boundary visible, testable, and revisable.

Closing

CTA:

Next: Make the invisible audible

12. Flagship case-study storyboard 03
Making Sound Visible
Core message

This case study should itself be a working lesson.

Opening interaction

The visitor hears nothing until they press:

Play a sound

A short tone plays.

The waveform appears.

Prompt:

What do you think is inside that sound?

Choices are exploratory, not graded.

Scene 1: The whole sound

Show:

Time on horizontal axis
Amplitude on vertical axis
Sample points
Playback cursor
Zoom control

Allow the visitor to:

Play
Pause
Scrub
Slow playback
Toggle sample points
Change volume
Scene 2: Build the sound

Give three pure tones.

The visitor adjusts:

Frequency
Amplitude
Phase, only after the simpler controls
Mute and solo

The combined waveform updates.

Copy:

A complex sound can be understood as simpler waves added together.

Scene 3: Hear frequency

Interactive frequency sweep.

Labels should connect frequency to perception without pretending that hearing is perfectly uniform.

Examples:

Low
Mid
High
Musical references
Speech references
Scene 4: From samples to calculation

This should realize the lesson direction you previously described.

Show a dotted sine wave on a labeled graph.

Each sample lights up sequentially.

The visitor sees:

Where the sample came from
Its time position
Its amplitude
The comparison wave
The multiplication step
The running sum
The final result

Use plain language beside every mathematical symbol.

Scene 5: The Fourier transform

Reveal the mathematical notation only after the visitor has performed the underlying actions.

Copy:

The formula is a compact way to describe the comparison you just completed repeatedly.

Let the visitor toggle:

Concept view
Math view
Code view

Scene 6: Spectrum

The waveform transforms into a frequency spectrum.

Allow:

Frequency isolation
EQ-style manipulation
Before and after listening
Visual comparison
Guess-the-component challenge
Scene 7: Misconceptions

Address:

A waveform is not a picture of air traveling forward.
High amplitude does not mean high pitch.
A spectrum is not another moment in time.
Sampling does not mean randomly choosing points.
Fourier analysis does not “discover instruments” directly.
Scene 8: Assessment through creation

Instead of multiple choice:

Rebuild a target sound
Remove an unwanted frequency
Match a hidden spectrum
Explain a mismatch
Predict what an EQ change will sound like
Arrange calculation steps
Diagnose an incorrect learner model
Scene 9: Design reflection

Show how the lesson was designed:

Why experience came before vocabulary
Why samples were made visible
Why sound and visual feedback were synchronized
Why the mathematics was delayed
Why the assessment asks for manipulation
How reduced-motion and silent alternatives work
Closing

Headline:

Understanding should be something you can operate.

CTA:

Explore the Learning Lab

13. Learning Lab page

The lab should contain three polished experiments, not fifteen unfinished demos.

Experiment 01: Signal Lab

The complete sound and Fourier experience.

Experiment 02: Complexity Translator

Select one concept:

AI agents
Containers
Fourier transform
Operating systems
Model context
Sampling

The interface moves through:

Expert definition
    ↓
Plain-language explanation
    ↓
Visual model
    ↓
Interactive demonstration
    ↓
Guided practice
    ↓
Transfer challenge

The visitor can compare representations side by side.

Experiment 03: Curriculum Console

Inputs:

Audience
Prior knowledge
Desired behavior
Available time
Delivery mode
Risk level
Need for practice
Need for collaboration
Assessment context

The lesson architecture responds in real time.

Example:

Audience: First-time learner
Goal: Diagnose a failed deployment
Time: 20 minutes
Mode: Browser-based

Generated architecture:

1. Failure scenario
2. Predict likely cause
3. Inspect logs
4. Guided diagnosis
5. Immediate feedback
6. New failure with less support
7. Explain reasoning

A side panel explains why the architecture changed.

14. Leadership page
How I Direct the Work

This page establishes you as a potential function leader rather than only an individual contributor.

Opening statement
Excellent content is not an accident.
It is an operating system.

I build teams and production systems around a shared definition of what great learning looks like, how it is created, how it is reviewed, and how we know it worked.

Sections
1. Set the learning thesis

Explain your beliefs:

Capability over coverage
Experience before vocabulary
Respect prior knowledge
Teach misconceptions
Practice with feedback
Relevance and autonomy
Transfer over recognition
2. Build the portfolio

Show how you decide:

Which audience matters
Which problems deserve content
Which format fits
What should be a course
What should be a tutorial
What should be an interactive
What should be taught by an adaptive tutor
What should not be built
3. Design the production engine

Visualize:

Intake
Prioritization
Brief
Research
Architecture
Production
Review
Launch
Measurement
Maintenance
4. Establish the quality bar

Dimensions:

Accuracy
Clarity
Usefulness
Practice
Feedback
Accessibility
Distinctiveness
Voice
Evidence
Maintainability
5. Lead multidisciplinary work

Show the roles you can coordinate:

Content strategists
Curriculum designers
Subject-matter experts
Developers
Media designers
Video teams
Audio teams
Agencies
AI agents
Reviewers
Program stakeholders
6. Use AI deliberately

Link to the AI systems case study.

7. Measure learning

Show a measurement ladder:

Engagement
    ↓
Comprehension
    ↓
Performance
    ↓
Transfer
    ↓
Behavior
    ↓
Organizational result

Be transparent that not every past project has formal Level 3 or Level 4 data. State what you measured, what you could not measure, and what you would instrument next.

8. Develop the team

Discuss:

Clear decision rights
Critique without humiliation
Coaching through examples
Documented standards
Calibration sessions
Reusable feedback
Growth through ownership
Protecting craft while increasing speed
15. Work index

Do not use another uniform card grid.

Primary browsing modes
By problem
Explain
Teach
Scale
Build
Lead
Measure
By medium
Curriculum
Interactive
AI systems
Audio
Video
Software
Workshops
Research
By audience
Developers
Adult learners
Youth
Educators
Organizations
General public
Project item design

Each item contains:

Large visual
One-sentence problem
Your role
Outcome
Dominant medium
One interaction or motion behavior

The archive can switch between:

Editorial view
Large, visual, narrative.

Index view
Compact, sortable, recruiter-friendly.

16. About page
Structure
Opening portrait

Use a new editorial portrait if possible.

Direction:

Direct eye contact
Dark or neutral studio
Warm edge lighting
No generic corporate office
Confident but approachable
Space for typography
One alternate image showing you working with audio or interactive media
Opening copy
I have always worked at the point where systems become human.

I began in audio engineering and technical operations, where tiny decisions could determine whether a complex system worked at all. I moved into education because I became fascinated by a related question: what allows a difficult idea to work inside another person’s mind?

That question has led me through technical curriculum, music technology, creative coding, learning experience design, program leadership, software development, audio quality, research, and AI-assisted production systems.

My work is broad because the problem is broad. Learning is never only writing. It is structure, language, interaction, motivation, media, feedback, technology, operations, and care.

Timeline

Do not create a conventional résumé timeline.

Create “chapters of practice”:

Audio and systems
Technical operations
Learning and curriculum
Creative technology
Program leadership
AI-assisted systems
What comes next
Personal layer

Include a short human section:

Music
Sport
Mentoring
Community learning
Building tools
Making difficult ideas accessible

Keep it specific and intentional, not a random personal-facts collage.

17. Résumé page

The page should contain a complete HTML résumé, not only a download button.

Features
Printable layout
Downloadable PDF
Role-based summary
Experience
Selected impact
Education
Publications
Technical skills
Leadership and production skills
Speaking or workshops
Links to related case studies

Each major experience entry should link to evidence on the site.

Example:

Codio — Curriculum Developer

Published seven Coursera courses
Reached 30,630+ learners
Owned architecture, authoring, assessments, labs, technical review, and QA
Built reusable course production practices

View related case study

18. Media production requirements
Global asset inventory
Portrait photography

Minimum:

1 horizontal hero portrait, 3:2
1 vertical editorial portrait, 4:5
1 environmental portrait with audio or technology
1 candid facilitation or presentation image
4 supporting detail images
1 transparent or clean-background cutout
Video
60-second showreel
15-second teaser
3 flagship hero loops, 6–10 seconds each
5–8 short process loops
Mobile-specific crops
Poster image for every video
Caption file
Transcript
Audio description or equivalent descriptive transcript
Audio
4–6 interface cues
3 pure-tone demonstrations
3 complex sound examples
1 voice or music example with permission
Silent visual alternatives
Written descriptions of auditory differences
Screens and artifacts

For each flagship case study:

8–12 polished screenshots
3–5 process artifacts
2 revision or comparison examples
1 system diagram
1 outcome visualization
1 reflection artifact
Image delivery

Prepare responsive widths:

640px
960px
1440px
1920px
2560px where genuinely needed

Preferred delivery:

AVIF
WebP
JPEG fallback where necessary
Video delivery

Provide:

MP4
WebM
Desktop crop
Mobile crop
Poster frame

Do not automatically load every video on initial page load.

Asset naming
project-name_scene-purpose_variant.ext

codio_course-wall_desktop.webp
codio_lesson-anatomy_layered.webp
ai-system_human-gates_desktop.mp4
signal-lab_fourier-transition_mobile.webm
19. Technical architecture
Core
Next.js App Router
TypeScript
Component-driven architecture
MDX or structured local content for case studies
CSS custom properties for tokens
Tailwind only for utility layout where helpful
Custom CSS for editorial composition
Vercel deployment
Automated image optimization
Structured metadata and social cards
Motion
GSAP for directed timeline and scroll choreography
Native CSS for simple hover and focus transitions
SVG and Canvas 2D for the signal system
Web Audio API for sound-reactive demonstrations
No WebGL dependency for the first release unless a specific experience proves it needs one
Why Canvas 2D instead of defaulting to 3D

The signature visual is based on:

Lines
Signals
Nodes
Frames
Graphs
Timelines
Transformations

These can be executed more originally and efficiently in SVG and Canvas than through a generic 3D particle environment.

Content model
type Project = {
  slug: string;
  title: string;
  shortTitle: string;
  thesis: string;
  summary: string;
  role: string[];
  audiences: string[];
  disciplines: string[];
  formats: string[];
  dateRange: string;
  metrics: Metric[];
  featured: boolean;
  accent: string;
  heroMedia: MediaAsset;
  thumbnailMedia: MediaAsset;
  scenes: ProjectScene[];
  relatedProjects: string[];
};
Core components
SiteHeader
MobileMenu
SoundControl
SignalField
HeroStatement
ShowreelPlayer
MetricStrip
EditorialStatement
ProjectChapter
ProjectMedia
ProjectMetadata
ProcessDiagram
CaseStudyScene
StickyChapterNav
InteractiveEmbed
QuoteScene
OutcomeScene
ArchiveIndex
FilterControls
LeadershipPrinciple
FooterCTA
AccessibleMediaControls
ReducedMotionProvider
20. Performance and accessibility requirements

The site must feel excellent on an ordinary laptop and phone, not only a high-end studio computer.

Performance targets
LCP at or below 2.5 seconds
INP at or below 200 milliseconds
CLS at or below 0.1
No initial loading of full showreel video
Lazy-load case-study interactions
Lazy-load motion libraries where practical
Disable expensive ambient animation when the tab is hidden
Pause Canvas rendering outside the viewport
Supply fixed media dimensions
Avoid client-side rendering for static portfolio copy

These thresholds align with current Core Web Vitals guidance.

Accessibility requirements
WCAG 2.2 AA baseline
Full keyboard navigation
Visible focus states
Semantic headings
Skip link
Captioned video
Audio transcripts
Pausable motion
User-controlled sound
Reduced-motion alternative
High-contrast text
No flashing visual effects
Controls labeled for screen readers
Interactives usable without drag-only gestures
Charts with textual equivalents
Case-study content available without JavaScript-dependent animation
Reduced-motion policy

Reduced motion is not the same as a broken or empty page.

Replace:

Parallax with fixed composition
Sliding panels with crossfades
Morphing with discrete states
Ambient movement with still illustrations
Scroll-linked motion with ordinary document flow
21. Build order
Release 1: The convincing application site

Ship first:

New identity and homepage
Showreel
Codio case study
AI systems case study
Music technology case study
Leadership page
About
HTML résumé
Contact
Accessible static version of the hero
Release 2: Signature interactions

Add:

Animated signal field
Signal Lab
Complexity Translator
Curriculum Console
Sound layer
Advanced project transitions
Release 3: Portfolio expansion

Add:

Your Voice Is Power
Amazon Audio Programs
Creative Coding
Planet Bug
Athlete Systems
Workshop archive
Additional publications and talks

Do not delay the application-ready site until every experimental feature is complete.

22. Claude Code master context

Place the following in CLAUDE.md or provide it at the beginning of the build.

# Chalece DeLaCoudray Portfolio Rebuild

## Product goal

Rebuild Chalece DeLaCoudray’s portfolio as a premium, editorial, multimedia learning leadership experience.

The site must position Chalece for senior roles such as Head of Content & Curriculum, Education. It must demonstrate curriculum leadership, technical fluency, AI-assisted production systems, interactive learning design, sound, video, motion, creative technology, and the ability to establish and scale a quality bar.

This is not a decorative reskin. The website itself must act as evidence of the work.

## Creative concept

SIGNAL → SENSE → SKILL

Primary headline:

“From signal to skill.”

Primary positioning:

“I design the systems, stories, and experiences that turn complex technology into human capability.”

The visual language should show raw signals organizing into meaningful systems and, ultimately, learner capability.

## Character

Cinematic.
Editorial.
Intelligent.
Warm.
Experimental.
Controlled.
Technically credible.
Accessible.

## Prohibited directions

Do not create:
- A generic purple SaaS site
- A wall of equal project cards
- A cyberpunk interface
- A constant neon glow aesthetic
- Scroll hijacking
- A custom cursor
- Forced audio
- Unnecessary 3D
- Motion on every element
- Tiny illegible text
- Generic AI robot imagery
- Invented metrics
- Placeholder claims presented as facts

## Technical approach

Use:
- Next.js App Router
- TypeScript
- Semantic HTML
- CSS variables
- Structured content
- SVG and Canvas 2D for signal visuals
- GSAP only for directed motion that materially improves the experience
- Web Audio API only after user activation
- Progressive enhancement
- Accessible static fallbacks

## Required pages

- Home
- Work index
- Codio/Coursera case study
- AI curriculum systems case study
- Interactive music technology case study
- Learning Lab
- Leadership
- About
- Résumé
- Contact

## Non-negotiable quality requirements

- WCAG 2.2 AA baseline
- Complete keyboard support
- Reduced-motion experience
- User-controlled sound
- Captions and transcripts
- Fast first paint
- No content hidden behind animation
- Responsive desktop, tablet, and mobile compositions
- No unsupported factual claims
- Every case study clearly distinguishes Chalece’s personal contribution from team work

## Working method

Before changing code:
1. Inspect the repository.
2. Explain the relevant architecture.
3. Identify risks.
4. Propose the smallest coherent implementation step.
5. Implement.
6. Run tests, linting, and type checking.
7. Summarize files changed and remaining issues.

Do not replace working content without preserving it in version control.
Do not add a package when the same result can be achieved cleanly with the existing stack.
Do not leave inaccessible placeholder interactions.
23. Production-ready Claude Code prompt sequence
Prompt 0: Audit and preserve the current site
Begin the portfolio V2 rebuild by auditing the existing repository.

Do not redesign or modify anything yet.

1. Identify the framework, routing approach, styling system, content source, build tooling, testing setup, analytics, deployment configuration, and media handling.
2. Map every existing page, section, project, route, component, asset, external link, and résumé download.
3. Identify which current content must be preserved.
4. Identify broken links, duplicated content, weak semantic structure, accessibility issues, layout limitations, and performance risks.
5. Capture the existing site structure in docs/current-site-audit.md.
6. Create docs/content-preservation-map.md showing where each current piece of content will live in the new architecture.
7. Create a recommended migration plan that avoids a destructive rewrite.
8. Run the current build, lint, typecheck, and tests. Record the baseline.
9. Do not install packages or alter production behavior.

Return:
- Repository summary
- Current route map
- Content inventory
- Risk list
- Migration recommendation
- Baseline test results
Prompt 1: Establish the new architecture
Using CLAUDE.md, docs/current-site-audit.md, and docs/content-preservation-map.md, establish the architecture for Portfolio V2.

Requirements:

1. Create a route and component architecture for:
   /
   /work
   /work/[slug]
   /lab
   /leadership
   /about
   /resume
   /contact

2. Create structured TypeScript content models for:
   Project
   ProjectScene
   Metric
   MediaAsset
   LeadershipPrinciple
   Experiment

3. Store content separately from presentation.
4. Preserve all existing project information.
5. Create placeholder content records only where clearly labeled TODO.
6. Add route metadata and a reusable SEO metadata helper.
7. Create documentation:
   docs/architecture.md
   docs/content-model.md
   docs/route-map.md

Do not build the visual redesign yet.

Acceptance criteria:
- Existing application still builds
- New types pass typecheck
- Content can be queried by slug
- No duplicated project data
- No invented metrics
Prompt 2: Build the design-token system
Implement the Portfolio V2 design-token foundation.

Create CSS custom properties for:

Colors:
- signal black #09090D
- deep ink #13121A
- warm ivory #F3EFE7
- paper white #FCFAF6
- graphite #6F6B75
- soft fog #B8B3BE
- electric iris #8E75FF
- signal cyan #66DFF2
- human coral #FF7B72
- resonant gold #D4AE67

Also create:
- text roles
- surface roles
- border roles
- focus roles
- project accent roles
- spacing scale
- fluid type scale
- container widths
- grid definitions
- radii
- shadows
- z-index scale
- motion durations and easing tokens

Typography:
- Editorial display serif
- Clear sans-serif body/interface face
- Monospace annotation face

Requirements:
1. Use fluid clamp-based typography.
2. Ensure color combinations meet intended contrast.
3. Do not apply large-scale visual changes yet.
4. Create a private /dev/design-system route showing every token, type style, button, link, focus state, and surface.
5. Create docs/design-system.md.

Acceptance criteria:
- Tokens work in dark and light editorial sections
- Focus states are unmistakable
- No text relies on low-contrast purple
- Design-system route is keyboard accessible
Prompt 3: Build the semantic site shell
Build the Portfolio V2 application shell.

Implement:

- Desktop header
- Mobile navigation
- Skip link
- Active route treatment
- Sound-control placeholder with no sound functionality yet
- Main content landmark
- Footer
- Page transition foundation
- ReducedMotionProvider
- Global error boundary
- Custom 404 page

Navigation:
Work
Lab
Leadership
About
Résumé
Let’s talk

Requirements:
1. The header must remain clear over dark and light sections.
2. Mobile navigation must trap focus while open and restore focus when closed.
3. Escape closes the mobile menu.
4. Body scroll is correctly managed.
5. No custom cursor.
6. Do not implement scroll hijacking.
7. Page transitions must reduce to a simple crossfade when reduced motion is active.
8. Include complete keyboard tests for navigation.

Acceptance criteria:
- Header works at 320px through ultrawide screens
- All controls have accessible names
- No layout shift when menu opens
- Navigation works without animation
Prompt 4: Build the static homepage first
Build the complete homepage in a static, production-quality form before introducing advanced animation.

Use the exact approved homepage copy from the project brief.

Required sections:

1. Hero
2. Proof strip
3. “Complexity is not the problem. The experience is.”
4. Selected work introduction
5. Codio/Coursera flagship chapter
6. AI-assisted curriculum systems flagship chapter
7. Interactive music technology flagship chapter
8. Full stack of learning
9. How I direct the work
10. Learning Lab preview
11. Wider work archive
12. About preview
13. Closing contact section

Requirements:
- Use editorial pacing rather than a card wall.
- Alternate dark and warm-ivory scenes.
- Use large project media placeholders with documented aspect ratios.
- Use real current metrics only.
- Preserve existing links.
- Create components that can later accept motion without changing semantic order.
- Add a static signal illustration to the hero.
- Ensure the complete page is compelling with JavaScript disabled.

Acceptance criteria:
- Responsive at mobile, tablet, laptop, desktop, ultrawide
- Correct heading hierarchy
- No duplicate H1
- Every image placeholder has meaningful alt strategy
- All copy is selectable and present in the DOM
- No content depends on animation
Prompt 5: Build the signal-field engine
Create the hero’s living signal system using SVG and/or Canvas 2D.

Do not use Three.js or WebGL unless you first document a concrete technical reason.

The visual system contains:
- sine waveform
- data nodes
- film-frame rhythm
- curriculum pathway
- code-token track

Behavior:
1. Begin as separate signal layers.
2. Gradually align into one shared timeline.
3. Respond subtly to pointer position.
4. Respond to page scroll without hijacking it.
5. Compress into the divider above the metric strip.
6. Pause when offscreen.
7. Pause when the document is hidden.
8. Adapt to device pixel ratio without excessive resolution.
9. Provide a complete static fallback.
10. Provide a reduced-motion state using discrete crossfades.

Performance:
- Avoid per-frame React state updates.
- Use requestAnimationFrame directly.
- Clean up all listeners and animation frames.
- Cap rendering complexity on small devices.
- Do not block first contentful paint.

Create:
- components/signal/SignalField
- components/signal/StaticSignalField
- hooks/useReducedMotion
- hooks/useDocumentVisibility
- docs/signal-engine.md
- unit tests for utility calculations

Acceptance criteria:
- No memory leaks across navigation
- No continuous rendering outside viewport
- No horizontal overflow
- Static hero remains visually complete if Canvas fails
Prompt 6: Add hero choreography
Implement the approved hero choreography.

Sequence:
0.0–0.8 seconds:
measurement field and mono labels appear

0.8–2.0:
five separate signal forms draw

2.0–3.4:
signals influence and align

3.4–4.8:
signals converge and the headline reveals

4.8–6.0:
supporting copy and actions settle

Requirements:
- The H1 must be present and readable before animation.
- Animation enhances rather than creates the content.
- Repeat visitors should not be forced through the full sequence.
- Store a session-level “intro seen” state and use a shorter settle animation after first view.
- No full-screen loader.
- Do not split text into inaccessible per-letter DOM without preserving an intact accessible label.
- Reduced motion uses a completed static state.

Acceptance criteria:
- Buttons become usable immediately
- Sequence does not delay navigation
- Screen-reader output contains normal uninterrupted text
- Mobile sequence is independently art-directed
Prompt 7: Implement the sound system
Implement an optional, user-controlled sound layer.

Requirements:

1. Sound is off by default.
2. AudioContext is created or resumed only after explicit user activation.
3. Persist the user preference locally.
4. Provide a visible header control labeled Sound off / Sound on.
5. Allow immediate muting at all times.
6. Pause or suspend sound when the document is hidden.
7. Do not play a looping music bed.
8. Use only short transitioning at all times.
6. Pause or suspend sound when the document is hidden.
7. Do not play and interaction cues.
9. Do not attach sounds to routine keyboard focus.
10. Provide no-sound equivalents for all meaning.
11. Respect reduced motion but treat sound preference separately.
12. Handle unsupported browsers gracefully.

Create:
- AudioProvider
- SoundControl
- useInterfaceSound
- sound asset manifest
- audio preload strategy
- docs/sound-system.md

Acceptance criteria:
- No autoplay errors
- No sound before user activation
- Preference survives reload
- Muting stops all active nodes
- Keyboard and screen-reader users receive no surprise audio
Prompt 8: Build the showreel experience
Build the 60-second showreel component and homepage section.

Required behavior:
- Show a lightweight poster on initial load.
- Do not download the full video until the visitor initiates playback or the browser is idle and network conditions are favorable.
- Provide Play, Pause, Mute, Volume, Captions, Fullscreen, Replay, and Close.
- Support keyboard operation.
- Trap focus when used as a modal.
- Restore focus to the triggering button.
- Include captions and transcript.
- Support desktop and mobile video sources.
- Use a 15-second muted preview only when motion is allowed and the preview is in view.
- Pause preview when offscreen.
- Never autoplay audible content.

Create a temporary reel manifest with clearly labeled asset paths if final video files are not yet available.

Acceptance criteria:
- Modal is fully accessible
- Poster reserves dimensions
- No layout shift
- Full video is not part of initial critical payload
- Transcript is available without opening the video
Prompt 9: Build the project-chapter system
Create the reusable ProjectChapter system used for the three flagship homepage projects.

The component must support:
- eyebrow
- project title
- thesis
- summary
- metrics
- role labels
- media
- project accent
- light or dark theme
- CTA
- optional lightweight interaction

Each chapter should have a distinct composition:
1. Codio: expanding course ecosystem
2. AI systems: workflow and human gates
3. Music technology: waveform and spectrum

Do not make them three variations of the same card.

Requirements:
- Semantic article structure
- Media captions
- Static fallback
- Responsive art direction
- Reduced-motion behavior
- No sticky scene that traps the visitor for excessive scroll distance

Acceptance criteria:
- Chapters remain understandable without motion
- Each has a visibly different visual rhythm
- Metrics come from structured project data
Prompt 10: Build the work index
Build /work as a dual-mode portfolio index.

Modes:
- Editorial view
- Compact index view

Filters:
- Problem: Explain, Teach, Scale, Build, Lead, Measure
- Medium: Curriculum, Interactive, AI Systems, Audio, Video, Software, Workshop, Research
- Audience: Developers, Adult Learners, Youth, Educators, Organizations, General Public

Requirements:
1. Filters must be URL-addressable.
2. Filtering must work with keyboard and screen readers.
3. Announce result-count changes politely.
4. Do not hide projects permanently because metadata is incomplete.
5. Project thumbnails must not all use the same card layout.
6. Include clear role and outcome language.
7. Add a “Clear filters” control.
8. Preserve useful browser history behavior.

Acceptance criteria:
- Filter state survives sharing the URL
- Index works without motion
- No empty unexplained states
- Mobile filtering is usable without a tiny horizontal chip row
Prompt 11: Build the case-study framework
Create the reusable /work/[slug] case-study framework.

Required regions:
- Opening proof
- Project metadata
- Challenge
- Chalece’s role
- System or approach
- Learner/user experience
- Process artifacts
- Media and interaction
- Outcomes
- Judgment and revision
- Reflection
- Related work

Components:
- CaseStudyHero
- ProjectFacts
- Scene
- StickyChapterNav
- ArtifactGallery
- ProcessDiagram
- BeforeAfter
- OutcomePanel
- ReflectionPanel
- RelatedProjects

Requirements:
- Deep links to scenes
- Normal document flow on mobile
- Sticky navigation must never obscure content
- Every visual has a caption or descriptive alternative
- Every case study explicitly separates individual contribution from team contribution
- Support sanitized or recreated artifacts with transparent labels

Acceptance criteria:
- Framework can render all three flagship studies
- Heading outline is valid
- Print view remains readable
- No scene requires drag-only input
Prompt 12: Build the Codio/Coursera case study
Implement /work/codio-course-ecosystem using the approved storyboard.

Scenes:
1. Seven-course opening mosaic
2. Learner friction model
3. Course portfolio explorer
4. Repeatable production system
5. Exploded anatomy of a lesson
6. Assessment judgment
7. Technical credibility
8. Scale and evidence
9. Leadership reflection

Requirements:
- Use current verified metrics only.
- Do not claim outcome measures that are not documented.
- Use real project names and screenshots when assets exist.
- Label recreated visualizations as recreations.
- Make the lesson anatomy explorable by keyboard.
- Include at least one concrete example of a misconception, feedback decision, or revision.
- Avoid giant unreadable screenshots.
- Explain what Chalece personally owned.

Acceptance criteria:
- Case study communicates leadership and system design, not just authorship
- Technical detail is credible but understandable
- All interactive content has a static equivalent
Prompt 13: Build the AI curriculum systems case study
Implement /work/ai-curriculum-systems using the approved storyboard.

Scenes:
1. Raw brief entering the production engine
2. Why the system exists
3. Agent ecosystem
4. End-to-end workflow
5. Human judgment map
6. Failure laboratory
7. Quality as code
8. Supported outcomes
9. “The line moves” reflection

Requirements:
- Never anthropomorphize agents as cute robots.
- Use a precise systems aesthetic.
- For every agent show input, responsibility, output, failure risk, and oversight.
- Include sanitized failure examples.
- Clearly mark hypothetical, reconstructed, or confidentially adapted examples.
- Do not expose proprietary information.
- Use only supportable productivity or quality claims.
- Make the human decision points visually unmistakable.

Acceptance criteria:
- Visitor understands both AI leverage and AI risk
- Case study demonstrates an evolving point of view
- System is usable by keyboard
- Failure examples are concrete and educational
Prompt 14: Build the interactive music technology case study
Implement /work/making-sound-visible as both a case study and a working learning experience.

Required capabilities:
- Play a sound
- Display waveform
- Display labeled axes
- Show sample points
- Scrub playback
- Build a sound from pure tones
- Adjust frequency and amplitude
- Mute and solo components
- Transform between time and frequency views
- Animate one sample-based calculation
- Toggle Concept, Math, and Code views
- Complete at least one creation-based assessment
- Operate without sound through textual and visual alternatives

Requirements:
- Audio starts only after user activation.
- Synchronize visuals using the audio clock where possible.
- Do not use color alone to distinguish wave components.
- Provide direct numeric inputs in addition to sliders.
- Provide keyboard alternatives to drag.
- Respect reduced motion.
- Include a static lesson transcript.
- Explain the source of every sample used in a calculation.
- Keep mathematical notation accurate and beginner-friendly.

Acceptance criteria:
- A beginner can understand the core idea without prior calculus
- The experience is meaningful with sound muted
- Screen-reader users can access values and explanations
- No animation continues unnecessarily offscreen
Prompt 15: Build the Learning Lab
Build /lab as a curated studio containing exactly three primary experiments:

1. Signal Lab
2. Complexity Translator
3. Curriculum Console

Requirements:
- Each experiment has a clear learning purpose.
- Each begins with action rather than a long explanation.
- Each includes instructions, reset, help, and exit.
- Each records no personal data by default.
- Each has a static or textual alternative.
- Each can be linked directly.
- Lazy-load experiments independently.
- Do not show unfinished experiments as if complete.
- Include a short “Why this was designed this way” section.

For Complexity Translator:
- Support several predefined technical concepts.
- Show expert definition, plain language, visual model, interaction, practice, and transfer.

For Curriculum Console:
- Let users change audience, prior knowledge, goal, time, modality, and scaffolding.
- Reconfigure a lesson architecture.
- Explain the reasoning behind every change.

Acceptance criteria:
- Lab index loads quickly
- Experiments do not share heavy bundles unnecessarily
- All controls are keyboard accessible
Prompt 16: Build the Leadership page
Build /leadership as a visual operating system for how Chalece directs content and curriculum work.

Sections:
1. Learning thesis
2. Portfolio strategy
3. Medium selection
4. Production engine
5. Quality bar
6. Multidisciplinary leadership
7. AI and human judgment
8. Measurement
9. Team development

Create an interactive quality-bar component with:
- criterion
- definition
- observable evidence
- failure example
- review method

Criteria:
accuracy
clarity
learner action
feedback quality
cognitive load
accessibility
voice
evidence
transfer
maintainability

Requirements:
- Do not turn the page into a résumé.
- Use concrete operating decisions.
- Link principles to supporting project evidence.
- Be candid where formal measurement was limited.
- Maintain an executive, precise tone.

Acceptance criteria:
- Page proves strategic leadership
- Every principle has at least one example or linked case
- Content remains complete without interactive expansion
Prompt 17: Build About, Résumé, and Contact
Build /about, /resume, and /contact.

About:
- Editorial biography
- Chapters of practice rather than a conventional timeline
- Portrait and environmental media
- Personal interests only where relevant to the professional story
- Links to evidence

Résumé:
- Complete semantic HTML résumé
- Print stylesheet
- PDF download
- Links from experience entries to case studies
- No dependence on PDF for accessibility

Contact:
- Direct email CTA
- LinkedIn
- Optional simple contact form only if secure form handling already exists
- Clear response expectations
- No unnecessary fields
- Spam protection without inaccessible puzzles

Acceptance criteria:
- Résumé prints cleanly
- Contact works with keyboard
- No personal information is exposed beyond what Chalece approved
- About page feels senior and human
Prompt 18: Accessibility and motion audit
Perform a dedicated accessibility audit across the full site.

Audit:
- Keyboard navigation
- Focus order
- Focus visibility
- Skip links
- Heading hierarchy
- Landmarks
- Alternative text
- Captions
- Transcripts
- Forms
- Modal behavior
- Color contrast
- Zoom to 200% and 400%
- Reflow at 320 CSS pixels
- Reduced motion
- Sound control
- Touch targets
- Drag alternatives
- Chart descriptions
- Canvas fallbacks
- Screen-reader announcements

Test with:
- Automated accessibility tooling
- Keyboard-only navigation
- Browser reduced-motion emulation
- High zoom
- At least one screen reader workflow where available

Create:
docs/accessibility-audit.md

For every issue:
- severity
- affected route
- reproduction steps
- remediation
- verification result

Do not merely produce a report. Fix all critical and serious issues discovered.
Prompt 19: Performance audit
Perform a production performance audit.

Measure:
- LCP
- INP
- CLS
- route JavaScript
- image transfer size
- video loading behavior
- Canvas CPU usage
- animation frame rate
- mobile performance
- font loading
- third-party scripts

Requirements:
- Full showreel must not load in the initial critical path.
- Lab code must be route-level or component-level lazy loaded.
- Signal field must stop rendering offscreen.
- Images must reserve dimensions.
- Fonts must avoid invisible text.
- Remove unused dependencies and duplicated animation libraries.
- Analyze production bundles.
- Test throttled mobile conditions.

Create:
docs/performance-audit.md
docs/performance-budget.md

Fix regressions before declaring the phase complete.
Prompt 20: Cross-browser and production QA
Run final production QA.

Test:
- Chrome desktop and mobile
- Safari desktop and iOS
- Firefox
- Edge
- Touch and mouse
- Reduced motion
- Sound enabled and disabled
- JavaScript failure or disabled where practical
- Slow network
- Offline media failure
- Missing image fallback
- Direct route entry
- Browser back and forward
- Shared filtered URLs
- Print résumé
- Social preview metadata
- 404 behavior

Verify:
- All external links
- All download links
- All case-study metrics
- All project attribution
- All captions and transcripts
- Analytics consent and privacy behavior
- Sitemap
- robots.txt
- canonical URLs
- structured data
- deployment environment variables

Create docs/release-checklist.md.

Do not mark the build complete with:
- broken links
- placeholder copy presented as final
- unlabeled mockups
- console errors
- hydration errors
- accessibility violations rated critical or serious
- missing reduced-motion behavior
Prompt 21: Deploy safely
Prepare Portfolio V2 for production deployment.

1. Create a preview deployment.
2. Preserve the current production version for rollback.
3. Verify environment variables.
4. Run all tests against the production build.
5. Validate media URLs and caching.
6. Validate analytics.
7. Validate metadata and social cards.
8. Run accessibility and performance smoke tests against the preview URL.
9. Create a rollback plan.
10. Create a post-launch monitoring checklist.
11. Do not switch the production domain until every release criterion is met.

Return:
- Preview deployment status
- Test summary
- Known limitations
- Rollback procedure
- Exact production cutover steps
24. Creative QA scorecard

Before launch, every major page should pass these tests.

Five-second test

A visitor should understand:

You work in learning and technology.
Your work is senior and multidisciplinary.
The site is intentionally designed.
There is meaningful work to explore.
Thirty-second test

A visitor should know:

You have reached more than 30,630 learners.
You published seven technical courses.
You build AI-assisted content systems.
You work across interactive media, sound, and technical education.
You have a distinct learning philosophy.
Three-minute test

A visitor should have seen evidence of:

Curriculum leadership
Technical fluency
AI workflow design
Multimedia craft
Interaction design
Quality systems
Outcomes
Reflection and judgment
Head-of-function test

The portfolio must answer:

Can she set the vision?
Can she recognize great work?
Can she explain the standard?
Can she organize a team around it?
Can she use AI without losing quality?
Can she operate across formats?
Can she teach technical audiences?
Can she measure and improve the work?
Can she make the result beautiful and distinctive?
25. Final launch standard

The rebuilt portfolio is ready only when the website itself proves the claim:

Chalece can take a complex, multidisciplinary problem and turn it into a clear, elegant, interactive system that people can understand and use.

The build should begin with Prompt 0, followed by the static, aplication-ready Release 1 before any ambitious interaction is allowed to delay launch.

---

Worked for 43s

These are the 10 strongest reference websites behind the new portfolio direction. We are not copying any one of them; we are combining specific strengths into an original system built around Signal → Sense → Skill. All ten were recognized by Awwwards as Sites of the Year between 2021 and 2025.

Website	Primary inspiration for your portfolio
1. Lando Norris	Cinematic pacing, powerful media, bold typography, and motion that reflects the subject rather than feeling decorative. This inspired the showreel-led opening and the idea that the entire site should feel directed like a multimedia production.
2. Lusion v3	The clearest model for making the portfolio itself demonstrate the creator’s skills. Lusion combines design, motion, 3D, development, interaction, and a showreel into one cohesive experience. This inspired the living signal field, multimedia lab, and experience-first project presentation.
3. Persepolis Reimagined	Immersive educational storytelling. This reference helped shape the idea that your case studies should not simply describe learning experiences—they should let visitors enter, explore, and understand the subject through the interface.
4. Pangram Pangram Foundry	Expressive typography, editorial confidence, dynamic browsing, and the treatment of content as something visitors can manipulate. Its card/list switching and interactive type specimens influenced the dual-mode work archive and stronger typographic hierarchy.
5. Igloo Inc.	Art direction across photography, video, set design, motion, and web. This inspired the recommendation that your photography, video, sound, interface, and typography should feel like one directed visual world—not separate portfolio ingredients.
6. Opal Tadpole	Precision, minimalism, product-focused interaction, and disciplined use of motion. It influenced the idea that your technical work can feel premium and striking without overwhelming the visitor with constant effects.
7. Noomo Agency	Immersive storytelling that still prioritizes usability. Noomo’s work combines narrative, animation, interaction, and 3D while remaining centered on the user. This influenced the editorial case-study structure and the balance between experimentation and recruiter-friendly navigation.
8. The Other Side of Truth	Emotional narrative, strong visual transitions, deliberate calls to action, and a sense that scrolling reveals an argument rather than merely another section. This influenced the act-based homepage structure and the progressive reveal of your leadership point of view.
9. Messenger by Abeto	A completely coherent interactive world with distinctive atmosphere, character, navigation, sound, and behavior. We would borrow its sense of authorship and wonder—not its game controls—to make your site feel like a place visitors enter rather than a document they skim.
10. Don’t Board Me	Strong personality, playful illustration, motion-based process explanation, and an approachable way of explaining how a service works. It influenced the idea that your systems diagrams and workflows can be clear and human without becoming sterile corporate infographics.
The closest references to our actual direction

The most important five are:

Lusion v3 for multimedia and technical demonstration
Persepolis Reimagined for immersive education
Lando Norris for cinematic pacing and media direction
Pangram Pangram for editorial typography and interaction
Noomo Agency for balancing experimentation with usable portfolio storytelling

Your finished portfolio should feel like the intersection of those five—but grounded in learning science, technical curriculum, audio, AI systems, and your personal creative identity.